Run Artifacts (#258)
sky-uk/kfp-operator: docs-gen/content/docs/reference/resources/runconfiguration.md

|------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `spec.run.pipeline`          | The [identifier](../pipeline/#identifier) of the corresponding pipeline resource to run. If no version is specified, then the RunConfiguration will track the latest version of the specified pipeline.                                           |
| `spec.run.experimentName`    | The name of the corresponding experiment resource (optional - the `Default` Experiment as defined in the [Installation and Configuration section of the documentation](README.md#configuration) will be used if no `experimentName` is provided). |

> | `spec.run.artifacts[]`       | Exposed models that will be included in run completion event when a run for this RunConfiguration has succeeded. See [Run Artifact Definition](../run/#run-artifact-definition) for more information.                                             | 

Author: ```suggestion
| `spec.run.artifacts[]`       | Exposed output artifacts that will be included in run completion events when a run for this RunConfiguration has succeeded. See [Run Artifact Definition](../run/#run-artifact-definition) for more information.                                             | 
```
